[Music]
go
you know what a courtesy tap is young
man it sounds like this it's light
friendly I'm sure that's what your mom
meant to do no it's not mom
having a kind of a hard time lately I'm
sorry
[Music]
accept my apology Signori if you could
just do the same we could press recess
don't have anything to apologize for
[Music]
you go
ma'am are you okay I'm pretty sure the
guy in that trucks following me
these road-raging watching this chilled
man go your way
I don't think you really know what a bad
day is
you will find out
cuphead stole my phone handy I'm sitting
here and waiting for you whose phone is
across me friendly hey listen to me he's
not a friend okay he's a psycho who came
after me today this is where your first
lesson begins no I can't do that
[Music]
I need you to learn what a bad day
really is I need you to learn how to say
sorry yeah you're gonna learn to fine on
some retribution sounds like you're
waking up wait you better bring your A
game
you're gonna need it
you